annot: Cut and shape the apple slices as to thick, flat and even surface
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the apple slices (-1)
[PP, other, as] thick flat even surface (-1)
annot: place the apple pieces on a plate
ACTID: 1
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the apple pieces (0)
[PP, location, on] a plate (-1)
annot: season with salt and pepper
ACTID: 2
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food]  (1)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: Heat some duck fat in a pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: Heat
[DOBJ, food] some duck fat  (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: fry seasoned apple slices on both the sides
ACTID: 4
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] seasoned apple slices (2)
[PP, other, on] both the sides (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: sprinkle little bit of icing sugar to give a glaze
ACTID: 5
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] little bit of icing sugar (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: once done transfer them to a plate
ACTID: 6
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] them (5)
[PP, location, to] a plate (-1)
annot: cut about 2 ½ to 3 ounces slice of foie gras
ACTID: 7
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food]  2 1/2 to 3 ounces slice (-1)
[PP, food, of] foie gras (-1)
annot: Remove the vein from the foie gras
ACTID: 8
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the vein (-1)
[PP, food, from] the foie gras (7)
annot: Sprinkle some salt and pepper on both sides of the foie gras slice
ACTID: 9
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] some salt (-1), pepper (-1)
[PP, food, on] both sides of the foie gras slice(8)
annot: place the seasoned foie gras in the pan
ACTID: 10
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the seasoned foie gras (9)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: cook until it is golden brown
ACTID: 11
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food]  (10)
annot: Remove the cooked foie gras
ACTID: 12
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the cooked foie gras (11)
annot: pat it with a towel to strain excess oil
ACTID: 13
PRED: pat
[DOBJ, food] it (12)
[PP, location, with] a towel (-1)
annot: Put the foie gras on the bottom slice of the apple
ACTID: 14
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the foie gras (13)
[PP, food, on] the bottom slice of the apple (6)
annot: saute one slice of the cep mushroom in duck fat
ACTID: 15
PRED: saute
[DOBJ, food] one slice of the cep mushroom (-1)
[PP, food, in] duck fat (-1)
annot: Assemble the sandwich
ACTID: 16
PRED: assemble
[DOBJ, food] the sandwich (14)
[PP, food, ] (15)
annot: place it in the pan
ACTID: 17
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] it (16)
[PP, location, in] the pan (-1)
annot: place the pan in the oven for 2-3 minutes
ACTID: 18
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the pan (17)
[PP, location, in] the oven (-1)
[PP, other, for] 2-3 minutes (-1)
annot: Cook the scraps of the apple in duck fat
ACTID: 19
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the scraps of the apple (-1)
[PP, food, in] duck fat (-1)
annot: add little cider vinegar
ACTID: 20
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little cider vinegar (-1)
[PP, food, ] (19)
annot: reduce it down
ACTID: 21
PRED: reduce
[DOBJ, food] it (20)
annot: then add apple sweet cider
ACTID: 22
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] apple sweet cider (-1)
[PP, food, ] (21)
annot: Add some beef stock
ACTID: 23
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some beef stock (-1)
[PP, food, ] (22)
annot: cook until apples come to a proper consistency
ACTID: 24
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (23)
annot: then strain the apple
ACTID: 25
PRED: strain
[DOBJ, food] the apple (24)
annot: Plate the burger with fresh herbs, vinegary and cubes of foie gras
ACTID: 26
PRED: plate
[DOBJ, food] the burger (18)
[PP, food, with ] fresh herbs (-1), vinegary (25), cubes of foie gras (13)